Create a list of modules and themes (#37)
PrestaShop/open-source: modules-themes/readme.md

- Keywords: (topics, features, separated by a comma)
- Source code: (like a GitHub repository link for support, issues, and source code)
- Download link: (where to find a ready to use zip file: direct link, or link to the release page of your repository, or to a page on your website where people can download the zip file)

The aim is to use this data as a base to create content for a dedicated website in the future. That's why respecting the template is very important, so it can be processed by a script.

---

## Modules

### Console for PrestaShop 1.7
- Description: A Command line tool that better supports PrestaShop legacy classes using the current PrestaShop Console and a list of useful commands that you can use and reuse for learning purposes
- Keywords: sysadmin, tool
- Source code: https://github.com/friends-of-presta/fop_console
- Download link: 

### Image Regenerator
- Description: Regenerate safely prestashop images with async process (works on low performance server)
- Keywords: pictures, images, thumbnails, regenerator, products, catalog
- Source code: https://github.com/meetjey/imageRegeneratorPrestashop
- Download link: 

---

## Themes

> **Classic Rocket**

Author: ```suggestion
### Classic Rocket
```

> <span class="x x-first x-last">### </span>Classic Rocket

Author: ```suggestion
### Classic Rocket
```

> # Listing third party open source and free of charge modules and themes for the PrestaShop e-commerce solution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# List of third party, open source and free of charge modules and themes for the PrestaShop e-commerce solution
```

> # Listing third party open source and free of charge modules and themes for the PrestaShop e-commerce solution

Reviewer: Another option
```suggestion
# List of third party, open source and free (as in "free beer") modules and themes for the PrestaShop e-commerce solution
```

Author: is "free of charge" not enough explicit?

Reviewer: I don't know, it sounds weird to me

> There are plenty of useful themes and modules available on the web from third party developers and company for the PrestaShop e-commerce solution. But unfortunately, there is no place currently to list them and find them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are plenty of useful themes and modules available on the web from third party developers for the PrestaShop e-commerce solution. Unfortunately, there is no place currently to list them so people can find them.
```

> So, let's build a knowledge base. If you want to contribute to this page, please create a pull request with your modules and themes, following the example:

Reviewer: Are you sure about this? People will just promote their stuff even if it's shitty

Author: it's a pull request, so it's possible to say "no thanks". it will be possible to check in the module repository if they added a licence file, how they handle dependencies (if any), etc.
if it's really shitty, it will be possible to tell it in the pull request.
if it is possible to set a few criteria, then, it is possible to add them in the introduction of this document.

Reviewer 2: There are some moderation works as awesome-for-beginners does yes

**Module/theme name**
* short description (one or two lines max)
* repository URL (like a GitHub repository link)
* download page link
* keywords, topics, features, separated by a comma

This will also be used as a base to create content for a dedicated website in the future.

> <hr />

Reviewer: In markdown, you can simply use `---` for that
```suggestion
---
```

## Modules

**Console for PrestaShop 1.7**
* A Command line tool that better supports PrestaShop legacy classes using the current PrestaShop Console and a list of useful commands that you can use and reuse for learning purposes
* https://github.com/friends-of-presta/fop_console

> * https://github.com/friends-of-presta/fop_console/releases

Reviewer: I guess a single link per project would suffice?

Author: what if people don't provide a zip on the repo, but rather ask to come on their download page?

Reviewer: Usually repositories have instructions on how to get the project releases. Many projects are distributed through platforms like `npm` or `brew`. 

We can reduce the noise by adding just one link by default (we can add more if necessary)

Author: npm or brew is ok for devs.
I am also thinking about non devs users.

Reviewer: That's just an example. Usually the repository readmes explain how to get the release, regardless of who the public is. If the project has a website, we can use the website instead of the repository.

Author: actually, I checked many repos, and no, it's not explained most of the time. and there is no release with a ready to use zip.

setting this kind of prerequisite would help end users, and will make aware devs from the need

* Command line, sysadmin, tool

**Image Regenerator**
* Regenerate safely prestashop images with async process (works on low performance server)
* https://github.com/meetjey/imageRegeneratorPrestashop
* https://github.com/meetjey/imageRegeneratorPrestashop#how-to-install
* pictures, images, thumbnails, regenerator, products, catalog

> 
> 
> <hr />

Reviewer: ```suggestion

---
```
